feat: on low wasm memory hook (#3761)
dfinity/portal: docs/references/ic-interface-spec.md

:::

#### On Low Wasm Memory {#on-low-wasm-memory}

> A canister can export a function with the name `canister_on_low_wasm_memory`, which is scheduled whenever the canister's remaining wasm memory size in bytes falls from at least a threshold `t` to strictly less than `t`.

Reviewer: @mraszyk I do not think this is true, hook is executed whenever after memory grows, remaining wasm memory is below `t`. Two cases: 
1. The remaining wasm memory size in bytes falls from at least a threshold `t` to strictly less than `t`
2. The remaining wasm memory size was less than threshold `t`, and after growing, the remaining wasm memory additionally decreased.

:::

#### On Low Wasm Memory {#on-low-wasm-memory}

A canister can export a function with the name `canister_on_low_wasm_memory`, which is scheduled whenever the canister's remaining wasm memory size in bytes falls from at least a threshold `t` to strictly less than `t`.
The threshold `t` can be defined in the [canister's settings](#ic-canister_status) and by default it is set to 0.

:::note

While the above function is scheduled immediately once the condition above is triggered, it may not necessarily be executed immediately if the canister does not have enough cycles.

> If the canister gets frozen immediately after the function is scheduled for execution, the function will run once the canister's unfrozen _if_ the canister's wasm memory remains above the threshold `t`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the canister gets frozen immediately after the function is scheduled for execution, the function will run once the canister's unfrozen _if_ the canister's wasm memory remains below the threshold `t`.
```
Shouldn't it mean "below threshold" meaning that the alert only trigger on unfreeze if it is still short of memory?

Author: It should indeed be rephrased, but I'd suggest: _if_ the canister's remaining wasm memory size in bytes remains below the threshold `t`.

> If the canister gets frozen immediately after the function is scheduled for execution, the function will run once the canister's unfrozen _if_ the canister's wasm memory remains above the threshold `t`.

Author: ```suggestion
If the canister gets frozen immediately after the function is scheduled for execution, the function will run once the canister's unfrozen _if_ the canister's wasm memory size in bytes remains strictly less than the threshold `t`.
```

> If the canister gets frozen immediately after the function is scheduled for execution, the function will run once the canister's unfrozen _if_ the canister's wasm memory size in bytes remains strictly less than the threshold `t`.

Reviewer: Another case in which canister may not be executed immediately is if the used_wasm_memory becomes greater than wasm_memory_limit, in which case canister will execute the hook when wasm_memory_limit is increased here is [PR](https://github.com/dfinity/ic/pull/3631) that implemented that logic.

Author: Thank you for the heads up! I've left a question on the PR. Based on your reply there and a potential discussion in the Interface Spec meeting, I'll come back to you.

Author: Updated the spec: https://github.com/dfinity/portal/pull/3761/commits/6d37ea3f3ad650c44c6a7447bb040fb31124a860
